So there is a chance you may get locked out
of your S3 bucket.
How does that work?
Well say you define an S3 bucket policy
and you deny access to everyone.
So Deny s3*, Principal*.
Literally, once you attach this bucket policy,
you cannot do anything.
Users cannot access your data,
you cannot even change the bucket policy
because while that is an API call on top of your S bracket.
So what do you do to solve this problem?
Well, what you need to do is to delete the S3 bucket policy.
But the only thing that doesn't get denied in your account
when everything else is being denied,
is your AWS accounts root user,
because deny statement is to not apply
to the root user, so therefore using the root user,
you can go ahead, safely delete the bucket policy,
and create a new one that doesn't lock you out.
Okay? So just a short lecture.
It should make sense but worth saying
in that may get you one point at the exam.
All right, that's it.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.